Mobile Push GA [DOC-714] (#5409)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/content/mobile-push.md

    - For existing templates, navigate to **Engage > Content > Push**, select the template you want to test, then click **Test**.
    - Mobile push templates have a content size limit of 4KB.
2. Choose a messaging service and add a recipient.
    - You can add recipients using an email address or user ID. 
3. Click **Send test push**.

Segment verifies that the profile you're sending a test to has a push token, then sends the test. If the test mobile push doesn't work as expected, confirm that the profile you're sending to has a push token.

## Personalize with merge tags

Personalize mobile push content in Engage using profile traits as merge tags in your messages.

To personalize a mobile push, click **Add merge tags** in the template builder and select the profile traits to include in your message.

Engage inserts the selected traits inside merge tags based on cursor placement in the message. This allows you to personalize each mobile push you send to recipients. You can also use [liquid templating](https://liquidjs.com/tags/if.html){:target="blank"} to create dynamic content in the template editor. 

> info ""

> > To learn more about profile traits, visit Segment's [Computed Traits](/docs/engage/audiences/computed-traits/) and [SQL Traits](/docs/engage/audiences/sql-traits/) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To learn more about profile traits, visit Segment's [Computed Traits](/docs/unify/traits/computed-traits/) and [SQL Traits](/docs/unify/traits/sql-traits/) documentation.
```

Reviewer: Part of the Unify rebrand. I'll update these links in the other template docs as well.
